README.md, before:

# Neovim Configuration

This repository contains my custom Neovim configuration, along with all necessary plugins and settings for an optimal development environment.

## Prerequisites

- **Neovim**: Ensure Neovim is installed on your machine. Version 0.5 or higher is recommended.
- **Git**: Required to clone this repository and download plugins.

## Installation

1. **Clone this repository**:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/scph7502c/nvim_config.git
   cd nvim_config
   ```

2. **Run the setup script**:

   ```bash
   ./nvim_setup.sh
   ```

   This script will:
   - Copy the configuration files to `~/.config/nvim`.
   - Install the `packer.nvim` plugin manager (if not already installed).
   - Install and synchronize all plugins defined in the configuration.

3. **Open Neovim**:

   ```bash
   nvim
   ```

   The plugins will be automatically synchronized and configured.

## Key Features

- **Plugin Management**: Uses `packer.nvim` for plugin installation and management.
- **Language Support**: Syntax highlighting and language-specific settings for multiple languages.
- **Custom Shortcuts**: Custom mappings for efficient coding and navigation.
- **Lualine Status Line**: An informative status line showing mode, branch, file type, and more.
- **File Explorer**: NERDTree for file navigation.

## Updating Plugins

To update all plugins, open Neovim and run:

```vim
:PackerSync
```

## Troubleshooting

If you encounter any issues, try the following:

1. **Re-run the setup script**:

   ```bash
   ./nvim_setup.sh
   ```

2. **Manually synchronize plugins**:

   Open Neovim and run:

   ```vim
   :PackerSync
   ```

## Contributing

Feel free to fork this repository, make your own changes, and submit a pull request if you'd like to contribute.

Commit message:

changed README.md, nvim_setup.sh, removed theme plugin

README.md, after:

# Neovim Configuration

This repository contains my custom Neovim configuration, along with all necessary plugins and settings for an optimal development environment.

## Prerequisites

- **Neovim**: Ensure Neovim is installed on your machine. Version 0.5 or higher is recommended.
- **Git**: Required to clone this repository and download plugins.

## Installation

1. **Clone this repository**:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/scph7502c/nvim_config.git
   cd nvim_config
   ```

2. **Run the setup script**:

   ```bash
   ./nvim_setup.sh
   ```

   This script will:
   - Copy the configuration files to `~/.config/nvim`.
   - Install the `packer.nvim` plugin manager (if not already installed).
   - Install all required packages (`clang`, `nodejs`, `npm`).
   - Install necessary language servers (`pyright` for Python and `bash-language-server` for Bash).
   - Install and synchronize all plugins defined in the configuration.

3. **Open Neovim**:

   ```bash
   nvim
   ```

   The plugins will be automatically synchronized and configured.

## Key Features

- **Plugin Management**: Uses `packer.nvim` for plugin installation and management.
- **Language Support**: Syntax highlighting and language-specific settings for multiple languages.
- **Custom Shortcuts**: Custom mappings for efficient coding and navigation.
- **Lualine Status Line**: An informative status line showing mode, branch, file type, and more.
- **File Explorer**: NERDTree for file navigation.

## Updating Plugins

To update all plugins, open Neovim and run:

```vim
:PackerSync
```

## Additional Requirements

The setup script will install the necessary dependencies, but if you prefer to install them manually, follow these steps:

1. **Install required packages**:

   ```bash
   sudo apt update
   sudo apt install clang nodejs npm
   ```

2. **Install Python and Bash language servers**:

   ```bash
   npm install -g pyright bash-language-server
   ```

These dependencies include:
- `clang`: Required for compiling and formatting C code.
- `nodejs` and `npm`: Required for installing language servers.
- `pyright` and `bash-language-server`: Language servers for Python and Bash, enabling LSP features in Neovim.

## Troubleshooting

If you encounter any issues, try the following:

1. **Re-run the setup script**:

   ```bash
   ./nvim_setup.sh
   ```

2. **Manually synchronize plugins**:

   Open Neovim and run:

   ```vim
   :PackerSync
   ```

## Contributing

Feel free to fork this repository, make your own changes, and submit a pull request if you'd like to contribute.
